hello everyone welcome to the IPF
Escorial fermentations weekly thing for
Monday the 15th of June 2020 I am making
brain I will be your host we are going
to go through the list of initiatives
and then the lesser initiatives and then
questions and parking lots and quite
reading and all good stuff
so the first thing on the list of high
priority initiatives is upcoming and
releases who has shipped something
or is about to you so last week shipped
the latest RC of Co ipfs 0.6 that is out
for free to test it and then we should
be targeting a release of that this week
and the link is in the notes if you care
to read more
awesome no other things have been no
major so I'll give that stuff this one
the next one is content regional primary
focus for this week we're gonna be
working on the sex release testing of
that and then we're also working on some
miscellaneous DHT improvements that will
be landing in ODOT seven things like
bootstrapping and churn in the writing
tables and stuff
cool Sutton and Gary yep so on the base
46 front just before this meeting
library for supporting see IDs in jazz
shipped with support for base 46 I
needed that to update CID data give us a
Oh it also supports 36 now and go it was
for some time but it now supports a
conversion from arbitrary CID version to
base 36 and all that is to accommodate
those 8255 19 keys
apart from that we got some review
appears in review related to subdomains
one is for forwarded host and second one
is for redirect to a different house
name both probably probably the first
one so makes the second one redundant
and there's a separate PR for in review
for supporting wildcards that's also
from insurer the idea is if some gateway
operator wants to create a separate
namespaces or like a private subdomain
gateways per user may be to improve
tracking or something that that feature
is under review I did not do any
significant progress on the PR where we
tackle long see IDs in subdomains but I
talked with some people about potential
UX ramifications and I'm leaning into a
position that if we decide to do that
we'll probably need to show our and
temporary error page informing users
that the CID is long and then give a
link if user wants to
explicitly rehash the roots and load it
from subdomain that sector on the update
on her phone that one then that's it
from and
if we are going to get users to opt in
for rehashing we might as well just tell
them very harsh on your own I'll be done
with it without letting extra complexity
yeah I mean like we for sure we want to
show an error instead of silently
rehashing stuff and redirecting people
to a different CID the do if we want to
give a like a button for doing that
automatically that's like an open
question we might just ship arrow page
first and then if there's an actual
needs we may deliver a rehash it later
it'd be really nice if there's some way
to detect whether or not like you're
loading something that's like a main eh
you know resource like a website versus
you're just fetching something from a
gateway because like i think the most
acutely there's two things it's one a
wage like serve static resources which
case we don't care about the basket way
that case we could just like stop all
javascript the other thing it does is
like it lets you view websites is there
any way to tell like is this like a
website like that if it's if it's it's a
file any group
HTML or if it's a directory of
index.html no but like is there way like
like if someone is visiting something
it's like being loaded as an HTML page
is in a frame or something like that
it's really you can you can tell if user
agent requested its meaning browser
she's good enough signalizing it's okay
signal opposed it could be like we don't
want to integration where like somebody
uses a break we're browsers or a change
the newsagent suddenly they're insecure
it would be bad
I guess fine we can usually in that case
we can just block JavaScript yeah or
like use the content policy to block
JavaScript are you clean off topic Jesus
you can also do that page for browsers
that are weird or no but like what we're
trying to do here is like in context
where you're not actionable Hauser I
just want to serve you the content
because you're asked for the content and
like this might be like you included
some static content in your website or
like you're trying to fetch content from
like a scratch
or some local thing versus you're trying
to load this thing with web browsers
like the root origin where you actually
care about the company and say for
origin
but we can talk about this later yeah
cool the next thing on the list is bits
for puppies yeah so this week we fixed a
erase in fear manager to do with
connections and then we're also working
on refactoring bit swap how it receives
messages in order to make sure that
we're not missing or occasionally we
could get into a situation where we
asked for once that has actually just
been received and so we need to ask for
it twice so we never receive it so
there's that and then we're also trying
to kind of simplify how help it's what
works internally
they're struggling researching reading
yeah no update from the past week I've
been working on lots of regularly I
still plan to get to it around Wednesday
Thursday this week so don't take the dog
it yet but now update fair enough sure
what's going on in restaurant yeah real
quick update from us the phase two work
will be wrapping up this week we'll be
submitting our milestone report there
that will get in cat and then the ad
will be taken care of by another funding
source which is great and then just a
reminder to everybody that the phase
three ticket for suggestions or for next
steps for us is still open
and the notes are in the know the link
is in the notes rather lick repent so a
pretty quick update here who cares the
p2p rendezvous yeah nobody's basically I
started working on a little bit with
sign three records which is the
dependency post for an Evo and 1.1 work
streams that are happening so I expect
this week to get an initial
implementation of the sign clear records
in then iterate on Jacobs feedback for
the initial implementation of the
infinite work and that's it cool here R
and s are pretty updates my progeny stay
tuned next one's the university one
point five into our preference yes wait
what was that you need to first be one
point five into a your might
I thought you're gonna say week are
really severe and
no sorry but every here point five might
immediately jump to release another
blossom fair enough
maybe migration to mulch keys in the
blot store so I was working on the
migration tool to unblock this and had a
hell of a time with index TV
transactions because he liked to do on
migration you get a query your three
over the things in the database and you
me take the database and index TV does
not like that
if you're you doing mutations outside of
a transaction it basically kills the
initial transaction
basically the whole week banging my head
against up anything why should decided
to go back to datastore level for the
time being because it's all indexed EP
underneath it but it uses a slightly
different paradigm to access that which
needs to be a better fit for doing these
kind of operations so putting that
throwing a line under that chapter of my
life and moving on to actually ship the
migration tool which would happen
hopefully in the next few days pending
system revamp is the same because it's
the base of them are blocked on being
able to see migrations between different
versions in the data stream the next
initiative is the shared ipfs node so i
got all the IPS that casts interfaces
passing now except fuse that i have
disabled which I had the sale because
some of them are doing some
normalization between CID pass plus
sorry
se D plus path sync which I don't have
implement yet so those already said
others and everything is passing on my
machine however I having hard time to
get any of this passing on CI because
there's a lot of intermediate failures
from what I can tell so my tests never
even get to run six get aborted earlier
so I'll be looking into that however two
kids or a bunch of other libraries in
goal to get the changes into Serena
knows there's a tree of
some of them are have already made it to
the release on tomorrow in the review
some of them reviewed but have not been
made to the release yet
and one other thing last week had a
discussion about maybe simplifying the
interface and switching to the new IP LD
stack versus using the old one for this
work and that still awaits on consensus
and there's a link and either that's it
there is the end of the other
initiatives moving on to the rest of the
stuff so design early proposals would
anybody like to do a design of you the
walkers and asks I'm sort of almost by
the consensus from the API so at the
moment I'm implementing on top of old
area code but if we switch to the new IP
realistic some of this work will be
rendered irrelevant so ideally I can get
a consensus reverse and deform dummies
every single and then start over
I'll put an answer to who would be like
stakeholders if you'd like Alex and I
killed et Michael I think Michaels seem
to be in favor Patterson think Maria I
saw in the meeting we decided that we
will all propose a specific API and
we'll make a call from our continued
conversation from there I made a
proposal I have not heard anything back
except from three boxing I noticed we
got a call on Thursday maybe we could
like timebox this decision
organizer call for that but do whatever
really know if that's crawling so ready
for that
that's perfect okay moving on
questions parking lot stub Alienist OPM
is the core PFS maintainer Adina
stepping up is the new maintainer
I mean I'm moving over to Falcone actors
he gets one step closer to I feel Dee
I've certainly proud but if you be
taking over you will be missed
I won't miss any of you yeah Alice y'all
that's so sweet
congratulations around cool anything
else we've gone through this meeting in
record time we've got a whole ten
minutes that we can have back and spend
it wisely or unwisely it's up to you
cool and okay so I will call this
meeting to a close that has been the
ipfs core weekly sync for Monday the
15th of June 2020 thank you all for
coming see you on the Internet hi